

Push
C'mon, shorty, stay push, c'mon
C'mon, c'mon, push it's almost there
One more time, c'mon
C'mon, push, baby, one more time
Harder, harder, push it harder
Push, push, c'mon
One more time, here it goes
I see the head!
Yeah, c'mon!
Yeah! Yeah!
You did it, baby, yeah!

But if you lose, don't ask no questions why
The only game you know is do or die
Ah-ha-ha
Hard to understand what a hell of a man

Hip hop the hippie the hippie
To the hip hip hop and you don't stop
Rock it out, baby bubba, to the boogie, the bang-bang
The boogie to the boogie that be
Now, what you hear is not a test

God damn it, Voletta, what the fuck are you doing?
You can't control that God damn boy? What?
I just saw Mr. Johnson, he told me he caught the motherfucking boy shoplifting
What the fuck are you doing? (Get your black ass the fuck off!)
You can't control that God—
I don't know what the fuck to do with that boy
What the fuck do you want me to do?
If—if you can't con—fucking control him
I'ma send him—(All you fucking do is bitch all day, motherfucker)
I'ma send him—bitch, bitch, I—
I'ma send his motherfucking ass to a group home God damn it, what?
I'll smack the shit outta you, bitch! (Kick my black ass, motherfucker!)
What the fuck?
Yo—you—you are fucking up (Coming in here, smelling like sour socks, you dumb motherfucker)
I'ma fuck you up

When I'm busting up a party I feel no guilt
Gizmo's cutting up for thee
Suckers that's down with nei—

What, nigga, you wanna rob them motherfucking trains, you crazy?
Yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfucking right, nigga, yes
Nigga, what the fuck, nigga? We gonna get—
Nigga, it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke?
Yeah, nigga, but, but, nigga—
Motherfucker, is you broke, motherfucker?
We need to get some motherfucking paper, nigga
Yeah, but nigga, it's a train, ain't nobody robbed no motherfucking train
Just listen, man, your mother giving you money, nigga?
My moms don't give me shit, nigga
It's time to get paid, nigga
Is you with me?
Motherfucker, is you with me?
Yeah, I'm with you, nigga, c'mon
Alright then, nigga, let's make it happen then
All you motherfuckers get on the fucking floor!
Get on the motherfucking floor!
Give me all your motherfucking money (And don't move, nigga!)
I want the fucking jewelry, give me every-fucking-thing
Nigga I'd shut the fuck up or I'ma blow your motherfucking brains out! (Gimme your fucking money, motherfucker!)
Nigga, give me your jewelry, empty your pockets (Fuck you, bitch)
Get up off that shit
What the fuck you holding on to that shit for, bitch?

I get money, money I got
Stunts call me honey if they feel real hot

Open C-74, Smalls

Mr. Smalls, let me walk you to the door
So how does it feel leaving us?
C'mon man, what kind of fucking question is that man?
Trying to get the fuck up out this joint dog
Yeah, yeah, you'll be back
You niggers always are
Go ahead man, what the fuck is you hollering about?
You won't see me up in this motherfucker no more
We'll see
I got big plans nigga, big plans, ha ha ha ha


Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right? (Uh)
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side (Yeah)
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side (Yeah)
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

Remember back in the days when niggas had waves
Cazal shades and corn braids?
Pitching pennies, honeys had the high-top jellies
Shooting skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Lounging at the barbecues, drinking brews
With the neighborhood crews hanging on the avenues
Turn your pages to 1993
Niggas is getting smoked, G, believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
'Cause real street niggas ain't having that shit
Toting TECs for rep
Smoking blunts in the project hallways
Shooting dice all day
Waiting for niggas to step up on some fighting shit
We get hype and shit and start lighting shit
So step away with your fistfight ways
Motherfucker, this ain't back in the days
But you don't hear me though

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

No more coco-levio one, two, three
One, two, three, all it is to me is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seeing bodies with the motherfucking chalk around it
And I'm down with the shit, too
For the stupid motherfuckers want to try to use kung fu
Instead of a MAC-10, he tried scrapping
Slugs in his back and that's what the fuck happens
When you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat wanna leave a nigga six feet deep
And we coming to the wake
To make sure the crying and commotion ain't a motherfucking fake
Back in the days our parents used to take care of us
Look at 'em now, they even fucking scared of us
Calling the city for help because they can't maintain
Damn, shit done changed

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

If I wasn't in the rap game
I'd probably have a ki, knee-deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot
Shit, it's hard being young from the slums
Eating five cent gums, not knowing where your meal's coming from
And now the shit's getting crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the Sky brand pagers
Going out of town, blowing up
Six months later, all the dead bodies showing up
It make me wanna grab the nine and the shotty
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts?
Every time I turn around, a nigga getting took out
Shit, my mama got cancer in her breast
Don't ask me why I'm motherfucking stressed, things done changed

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?


Yeah, motherfuckers better know
Huh, huh (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Lock your windows, close your doors
Biggie Smalls
Huh, yeah
(I'm a bad, bad, bad)

My man Inf left a TEC and a nine at my crib
Turned him self in, he had to do a bid
A one-to-three, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G, you with me?
Motherfucking right, my pockets looking kinda tight
And I'm stressed
Yo, Biggie let me get the vest
No need for that, just grab the fucking gat
The first pocket that's fat, the TEC is to his back
Word is bond, I'ma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (What?)
Treat it like boxing, stick and move, stick and move
Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbing motherfuckers since the slave ships
With the same clip and the same four-five
Two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogard
Have his mother singing, "It's so hard"
Yes, love, love your fucking attitude
Because the nigga play pussy
That's the nigga that's getting screwed
And bruised up from the pistol whipping
Welts on the neck from the necklace stripping
Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches, too
Up the herring bones and bamboos
I wouldn't give a fuck if you're tnangerp
Give me the baby rings and the #1 Mom pendant
I'm slamming niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal I rob and steal
'Cause mom duke ain't giving me shit
So for the bread and butter, I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fucking angel dust
When I bust my gat, motherfuckers take dirt naps
I'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at?

When he's sticking you and taking all of your money

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Big up! Big up! It's a stick up! Stick up!
And I'm shooting niggas quick if ya hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
The opposite of peace, sending mom duke a wreath
You're talking to the robbery expert
Step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant
'Cause when I lick shots them shits is persistent
Goodness gracious, the papers
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga, pass that
Before you get your grave dug from the main thug
Three fifty-seven slug
And my nigga Biggie got a itchy one grip
One in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
Motherfuckers better strip, (Yeah, nigga, peel!)
Before you find out how blue steel feel
From the Beretta, putting all the holes in ya sweater
The money-getter, motherfuckers don't know better
Rolex watches and colorful Swatches
I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it
Man, niggas come through, I'm taking high school rings too
Bitches get strangled for their earrings and bangles
And when I rock her and drop her, I'm taking her door knockers
And if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka
So go get your man, bitch, he can get robbed, too
Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?

Man I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
And if I set it, the cocksucker won't forget it

Hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (When he's sticking you and taking all your money)

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Man listen, all this walking is hurting my feet
Ooh, money looks sweet
Where at? In the Isuzu Jeep
Man, I throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
And if he start to scream, bom-bom, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar
Ooh, Biggie let me jack her, I'll kick her in the back
Hit her with the gat
Yo, chill, shorty, let me do that
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot
Oh shit, the cops
Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts
So why the fuck he keep looking?
I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see Central Booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass 'cause I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, 'cause I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucker going out for the loot

Take that motherfuckers


So you wanna be hardcore?
With your hat to the back
Talkin' about the gats in ya raps
But I can't feel that hardcore appeal that you're screamin'
Maybe I'm dreamin'
This ain't Christopher Williams
Still some MC's gotta feel one, caps I gotta peel some
To let niggas know that if you fuck with big-and-heavy
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical
Niggas sayin', "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle!"
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me
Just for niggas actin' shifty
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill ya quicker
Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor
Smokin' funk by the boxes, packin' Glocks-es
It's natural to eat you niggas like chocolates
The funk, baby

"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"

All I want is bitches, big-booty bitches
Used to sell crack so I could stack my riches
Now I pack gats to stop all the snitches
From stayin' in my business, what is this?
Relentless approach to know if I'm broke or not
Just 'cause I joke and smoke a lot
Don't mean I don't tote the Glock
Sixteen shots for my niggas in the pen
Until we motherfuckin' meet again, huh
I'm doin' rhymes now, fuck the crimes now
Come on the Ave, I'm real hard to find now
'Cause I'm knee-deep in the beats
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the MAC-10 by the seats
For the jackers, the jealous-ass crackers in the (blue suits)
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof
Hold your head 'cause when you hit the bricks
I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin' dick
The funk, baby

"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk" (Uh)
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"

So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side
How I smoke funk, smack bitches on the backside
Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests
Fifty-shot clip if a nigga want test
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya
High as a motherfuckin' helicopter
That's why I pack a Nina, fuck a misdemeanor
Beatin' motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina
"What's love got to do..."
When I'm rippin' all through your whole crew?
Strapped like Bamboo but I don't sling guns
I got bags of funk and it's sellin' by the tons
Niggas wanna know how I live the mack life
Makin' money, smokin' mics like crack pipes
It's type, simple and plain, to maintain
I add a little funk to the brain
The funk, baby

"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"


Who the fuck is this, pagin' me at 5:46 in the morning?
Crack of dawn and now I'm yawnin'
Wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this pagin' me and why
It's my nigga, Pop from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
Of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
Slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
Remember them niggas from the hill up in Brownsville
That you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?
Yeah, my nigga Fame up in Prospect
Nah, them my niggas, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say them
They schooled me to some niggas that you knew from back when
When you was clockin' minor figures
Now they heard you're blowin' up like nitro
And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warnin' me, 'cause now I'm warnin' you
I got the MAC, nigga, tell me what you gonna do

Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper

They heard about the Rolexes and the Lexus
With the Texas license plates out of state
They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown
And they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
They even heard about the crib
You bought your moms out in Florida, the Fifth Corridor
Call the coroner!
There's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
If my burglar alarm starts ringin'
What ya think all the guns is for?
All-purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door
And I feed 'em gunpowder so they can devour
The criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
Now they wanna grab their guns and come and get ya
Bet ya Biggie won't slip
I got the Calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
Put the fuckers in a bad predicament
Where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck what I'ma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck
I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun, he shoulda packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode on your asshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C-4 to your door, no beef no more, nigga
Feel the rough, scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa come for you?
I'm not runnin', nigga, I bust my gun and
Hold on, I hear somebody comin'

C'mon, motherfucker
Man, I'm comin' as fast as I can
Just g— bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on
Are we gettin' close, huh?
It's right over here
You sure it's Biggie Smalls crib, man?
Yeah, I'm sure, motherfucker, come on
Man, fuck, this better be his motherfuckin' house
Fuck, right here
Tsk, this better be this motherfucker's house
Oh shit
What? What's wrong?
What's that red dot on your head, man?
What red dot?
Oh shit! You got a red dot on your head, too
Oh shit!


Yeah, yeah, you ready motherfucker?
We gonna kill your ass, kill your ass
I'm ready

As I grab the Glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome, holmes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doing your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
Mic ripper, girl stripper, the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a light switch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q
-45, Glocks and TECs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques dripping out my butt cheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave, G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a Jheri curl, I'm ready to die!

Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die

As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doing whatever it took from snatching chains to pocketbooks
A big bad motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs, tried to get the avenue sold
I want it all from the Rolexes to the Lexus
Getting paid is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I've got a Glock making motherfuckers duck
Shit is real and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kickin' niggas down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggas getting wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns 'cause I'm ready

Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready to die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Nah we ain't gonna kill your ass yet, we gonna make you suffer

In a sec, I throw the TEC to your fucking neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie 'bout to get some rec
Quick to leave you in a coffin for slick talking
You better act like CeCe and keep on walkin'
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung a left, you swung a right, you fell to the concrete
Your face, my feet, they meet with stompin'
I'm rippin' MCs from Tallahassee to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggas say I'm strange, deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
After the hit, leave you on the street with your neck slit
Down your backbone to where your motherfucking'shit drip
The shit I kick, ripping through the vest
Biggie Smalls passing any test, I'm ready to die!

Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Time to go, we gon' put you out your misery motherfucker
Niggas definitely know what time it is (Yes, I'm ready)
The Notorious one in full effect for '93 (Yes, I'm ready)
Uh, uh yes, I'm ready
Suicidal, I'm ready!
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die

Now I lay me down to sleep (Yeah)
Pray the Lord my soul to keep
If I should die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
'Cause I'm ready to die
(I'm ready, I'm ready)
All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to
(I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready)
Biggie Smalls the biggest man
(I'm Ready)
Rocking on and on in '93, Easy Mo Bee
Third Eye and the rest of the Bad Boy fam
I don't wanna see no crying at my funeral


All you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
Like that, mommy?

Hi, daddy, how you doing? This is Tyiest
I was thinking about you last night, mm
You actin' like you can't call me no more 'cause you busy and all of that
But you trying to tell me it wasn't good?

That shit is real fucked up what you did
I hooked you up with my girl and shit
You fucked her every time you see her
You don't even say shit to her, you know what I'm saying?
And all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you
"Why the fuck B.I.G. don't want me?"

Yo, B.I.G., this is Quita
Kenya told me she saw you and Shanie at the mall and I know you ain't fucking her
You fucked with me last night
That's my best friend and we don't get down like that

Yeah, motherfucker, this is Stephanie
I was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour
I don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me
You be disappearing and shit, I'm waiting in the cold
What the fuck is going on?
When you get in give me a fucking call, alright?

When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the Thrilla in Manila
Honeys call me "Bigga the Condom Filler"
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the epilogue by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean?
I'll fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit (See shit)
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder
It doesn't matter, skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
Baby, I drop these Boricua mamis screaming ¡Ay papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they're rolled proper
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a four-four
For niggas getting mad 'cause their bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G, you see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Getting physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-Town in ya, you want that old thing back

Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance

Is my mind playing tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, having nightmares of girls killing me?
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500SL, the E&J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rims with Benjamins
Another honey's in the crib? Please, send her in
I fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
Used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
'Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow
Really, though, I got the cleanest, meanest penis
You never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Timb boots and your body suit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em
And if I'm caressing 'em I'm undressing 'em
Fuck what you heard, who's the best in New York?
Fulfilling fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke
Or Tattoo, I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I nut I got to split
Shit, backshots is my position
I got you wishing for an intermission, fuck the kissin'
Lickin' you down to your belly button, I ain't frontin'
They don't call me big for nuthing all of a sudden

Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance


Uh, yeah, uh, ooh, oh yeah, mm, yeah
Oh fuck me you black motherfucker, ooh yeah! Mm, ah
Oh fuck me you black Kentucky Fried Chicken eating
Oh, ooh, yeah
You motherfucking gangster killing, motherfucking black mafia ass
Motherfucking, you, oh my God
You chronic-smoking, Oreo-cookie-eating, pickle-juice-drinking, chicken-gristle-eating, biscuit-sucking, motherfucker
V8-juice-drinking, slim-fast, blending-black greasy motherfucker
Ooh

What's my name?

Biggie!

What's my name?

Biggie!
Oh yeah

I'm sorry
Ah
Oh shit. Damn
Jenny-Craig-eating motherfucker
Fuck you bitch
